[EDITORIAL] ContractedCost: change normative statements into bullet points (#652)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/contractedcost.md

Contracted Cost represents the cost calculated by multiplying [*contracted unit price*](#glossary:contracted-unit-price) and the corresponding [Pricing Quantity](#pricingquantity). Contracted Cost is denominated in the [Billing Currency](#billingcurrency) and is commonly used for calculating savings based on negotiation activities, by comparing it with [List Cost](#listcost). If [*negotiated discounts*](#glossary:negotiated-discount) are not applicable, the Contracted Cost defaults to the List Cost.

The ContractedCost column adheres to the following requirements:

> * The ContractedCost column MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) and MUST NOT be null.
> * This column MUST be of type Decimal, MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements, and be denominated in the BillingCurrency.

Reviewer: Split?
```suggestion
* The ContractedCost column MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* The ContractedCost column MUST NOT be null.
* The ContractedCost column MUST be of type Decimal.
* The ContractedCost column MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* The ContractedCost column MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
```

And simplify?
```suggestion
* ContractedCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ContractedCost MUST NOT be null.
* ContractedCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* ContractedCost MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* ContractedCost MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
```

> * When [ContractedUnitPrice](#contractedunitprice) is present and not null, multiplying the ContractedUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST produce the ContractedCost, except in cases of [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently.

Reviewer: nit: Should we be consistent?
```suggestion
* The ContractedCost column MUST be equal to ContractedUnitPrice multiplied by PricingQuantity when [ContractedUnitPrice](#contractedunitprice) is present and not null, except in cases of [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently.
```
Or perhaps separate the condition from the requirement to _maybe_ make it more readable? 🤔 (This removes the PricingQuantity reference since I'm not sure how that adds value here. We can add that back if it's important.)
```suggestion
* When [ContractedUnitPrice](#contractedunitprice) is present and not null, and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction":
  * The ContractedCost column MUST be equal to ContractedUnitPrice multiplied by PricingQuantity.
```
